and there's another shoe you have that
um it's interesting actually because
this week now this is show dedicated to
all about a band that you love and this
week that band broke up and this is
actual I was on with yes i remember it
was a short I'm glad you came on because
the show did unless it was a tribute yes
yes I have a clip of that which I would
like to show what if you don't mind yep
you that's weird because this band
having to break up this very it was sad
yes well yeah okay yeah let's take a
look
welcome to Chumbawamba show i'm your
host Fred Willard and my special guest
tonight is Jimmy Kimmel come on out
Jimmy hey Chumbawamba Chumbawamba to you
and Fred uh would you like a drink I
have a whiskey drink I have vodka drink
I have a lager drink and a smirnoff ice
just kidding outside a drink uh yeah
I'll take the side agree thank you just
something your tub Jimmy right thanks I
don't know if you've seen all these
concert this one was my favorite what a
killer may be more about that later
Jimmy it says here on a few of these
cards that you were born in brooklyn new
york yeah now what does that have to do
with Chumbawamba with nothing it's just
where I was born uh-huh what were you
ever born in Chumbawamba yeah
Chumbawamba is not a place yeah well
what if Chumbawamba was a place with
restaurants and schools and artisanal
jelly shops in every corner um yeah okay
yeah then I would yeah I'd be born there
sure who wouldn't want to be born in
Chumbawamba except Canadians and their
nuts I guess yeah uh yeah I guess I
would be born in Chumbawamba what is
this I guess I should have warned you
that's hard cider and by that I mean
vinegar while we're on the subject of
Chumbawamba if Chumbawamba was suffering
from kidney failure would you donate all
of your kidneys to keep them alive I
might give him what 11 whoa Jimmy if
Chumbawamba wants your kidneys you give
it to them anyone I went to school knows
that you know what you need what you
need some chumba and some Wamba I'll
tell you yeah how'd you like to need a
kidney and not be able to find one I'll
tell you Chumbawamba but you wanted to
talk about the concerts this one was in
Seattle and that was great did you like
to save the life of Chumbawamba please
send vital organs to fourth
100 macclenny way sylmar california care
of Chumbawamba show I'd like to hear
more about that Chumbawamba concert in
Seattle was it really that great did you
try to call up onstage and perform with
them do you know I didn't try to unsafe
they called me up on the stage and they
need to form a new one is called trust
us with your life watching tuesdays at
night on ABC the great Fred Willard
everybody